OSDOCS-9433: getting cluster id section is added to microshift support (#73364)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-get-cluster-id-kubesystem.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_support/microshift-getting-cluster-id.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-get-cluster-id-kubesystem_{context}"]
= Getting the cluster ID of a running cluster

For a cluster that is running, you can use either step1 or step2 to get the cluster ID.

.Procedure

. Get the namespace UID of the cluster that is running by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get namespaces kube-system -o jsonpath={.metadata.uid}
----
.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
7cf13853-68f4-454e-8f5c-1af748cbfb1a
----

> . Optional. Get the namespace UID of a cluster that is running by entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional. Get the running cluster ID by entering the following command:
```

Author: done the change

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_support/microshift-getting-cluster-id.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-get-cluster-id-kubesystem_{context}"]

> = Getting your cluster ID using kube-system namespace

Author: done

.Procedure

* Get the namespace UID of the running cluster by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ # oc get namespaces kube-system -o jsonpath={.metadata.uid}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc get namespaces kube-system -o jsonpath={.metadata.uid}
```

Author: done

----

> * Get the namespace UID of a non-running cluster by entering the following command:

Author: `.` is used.
non running is removed and sentence is modified

+
[source,terminal]
----

> # cat /var/lib/microshift/cluster-id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo cat /var/lib/microshift/cluster-id
```

Author: done

----

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
```
Looks like the admonition is restarting the numbering. If you tuck it in, the third step should number correctly as "3."

Author: done

[NOTE]
====

> The cluster-id file contains the namespace UID for a non-running cluster. The cluster-id file is found in the directory '/var/lib/microshift'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MicroShift service copies the `kube-system` namespace metadata UID to the `cluster-id` file so that the UID can be accessed when the cluster is not running. The `cluster-id` file is found in the `/var/lib/microshift` directory.
```

Author: done

> The {microshift-short} service copies the `kube-system` namespace metadata UID to the `cluster-id` file so that the UID can be accessed when the cluster is not running. The `cluster-id` file is found in the `/var/lib/microshift` directory.

Author: done

====

* You can view the {microshift-short} database files in the directory '/var/lib/microshift' by entering the following command.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> # ls -l /var/lib/microshift

Author: done

> * You can view the {microshift-short} database files in the directory '/var/lib/microshift' by entering the following command.

Author: done

----
.Example output of {microshift-short} database file in the directory '/var/lib/microshift'.
+

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer 3: 1. In the instruction, it is mentioned about database files present under `/var/lib/microshift` so "Example output" is sufficient here.
2. Please ensure if the preview is rendering ok after pushing these changes

> [source,terminal]

Author: I think the the heading explains what the example output is for.  It should be retained is what I feel.
@ShaunaDiaz your suggestion?

> [source,terminal]

Author: done

> * You can view the {microshift-short} database files in the directory '/var/lib/microshift' by entering the following command.
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ sudo ls -l /var/lib/microshift
> ----
> .Example output of {microshift-short} database file in the directory '/var/lib/microshift'.
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> total 16
> drwxr-xr-x. 14 root root 4096 Jan 28 12:03 certs
> -r--------.  1 root root   36 Jan 28 12:04 cluster-id
> drwx------.  3 root root   20 Jan 28 12:03 etcd
> drwxr-xr-x.  3 root root   20 Jan 28 12:04 kubelet-plugins
> drwxr-xr-x. 10 root root 4096 Jan 28 12:03 resources
> -rw-------.  1 root root   65 Jan 28 12:03 version
> ----

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You can view the {microshift-short} database files in the directory '/var/lib/microshift' by entering the following command.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo ls -l /var/lib/microshift
----
.Example output of {microshift-short} database file in the directory '/var/lib/microshift'.
+
[source,terminal]
----
total 16
drwxr-xr-x. 14 root root 4096 Jan 28 12:03 certs
-r--------.  1 root root   36 Jan 28 12:04 cluster-id
drwx------.  3 root root   20 Jan 28 12:03 etcd
drwxr-xr-x.  3 root root   20 Jan 28 12:04 kubelet-plugins
drwxr-xr-x. 10 root root 4096 Jan 28 12:03 resources
-rw-------.  1 root root   65 Jan 28 12:03 version
----
```
This should be a part of the [NOTE], because the section is about getting UID which is being done by first two steps. Please check if you can include this part in the note.

Author: I think this should not be part of the note. 
@ShaunaDiaz  what do you suggest?

Reviewer 2: @aravipra No, this should not go in the Note. Question: what is the output of Step 1? Is that pulling the cluster ID straight from the running cluster and not from the directory? If so, there might need to be two modules, one for getting the ID from a running cluster and one from a non-running cluster.

Author: as per our conversation I am making changes to the modules
